[MUSIC]
>> Scott: Did anybody like do some
incredible things over lunch with the app?
As far as like styling.
Anybody try to do like any of
the gradients that are there?
>> Speaker 2: I have to use a plugin but.
>> Scott: React linear gradient?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott: Nice.
Okay, were gonna go over that.
>> Speaker 2: I load online.
Anybody do the gradients online?
>> Scott: Anybody do the gradients online?
>> Speaker 2: Who is with us online,
let's see some thumbs up.
>> Scott: Give me some thumbs.
>> Speaker 2: We haven't been
hearing much from you guys.
>> Scott: I wanna see this computer
shake from all the thumbs.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott: I want this computer to
shake off this podium right here.
>> Speaker 2: Break the chatroom.
There's like nobody in there.
>> Scott: Nobody, okay.
They all got the call.
>> Speaker 3: 40 users, 39 users.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it says 39, but.
I guess we just came back from break.
>> Scott: Yeah, everybody is just
weaking from that nap, that food nap.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: Here it comes.
Charles and Jesse, Mike.
>> Speaker 2: Wake up.
>> Scott: [LAUGH] All right.
Sweet.
So we left off,
we went over the solution for
the for the tab view.
Now we're gonna get into
let's do third party lib and
then we'll get an UI up on to that.
So we're a third party native lib
versus third party JavaScript lib.
So we already use a third party JavaScript
lib, or UI compile which is tab view.
This is 100% JavaScript based.
But then,
there are other ones that require
dependencies on Native UIs,
in Android and iOS.
But, we can also use those too.
The down side is there's
a process you must do to actually
get these set up in your application.
Because, they are native UIs and
you have to tell your iOS and
Android products about them.
The good side is there's a tool
that does it for you automatically.
So you don't have to do it in most cases.
We're going to walk through installing
a native UI component, using a native
UI component, using this tool that's
gonna help linking it much easier.
And steps from there, and how to determine
if something is native versus just pure
JavaScript, so you're not confused.
Cool, let's do that.
So, I'm back in the todo app, and
if you go look at the designs for
our app, we have these gradients here,
pretty legit.
This isn't something we've done with
the stylesheet, you can't really do.
You have any question?
I thought you were raising your hand,
sorry.
So, we can't really do this with
a stylesheet but, Android and
iOS natively have support for
gradients, which is pretty legit.
So we can tap into that with the native
over the JavaScript plugin as wrapping
the native implementation,
likely somebody already created one.
So if you go look there is one right here
called react native linear gradient.
If you'd google react native linear
gradient you would have missed it.
That's literally what it's called.
But, if you were to read the docs here
it says something about setting up
the cocoa pods and great old build filesm
if you've never done native develop you're
probably like what, what is that?
That's not NPM, but the cocoa pods It's
you can think of is like the NPM for iOS,
and then the great abilities like
the grope or the web package for
androids the built system.
So they're saying is because
this is actually using
some Native UI Components from Android
iOS, you must tell your product about it.
So you have to go in these files and
update these every single
time you wanna use them.
But that's not fun so somebody created
to a call RNPM, or which is short for
React Native Package Manager,
which does all this for us.
Was pretty legit, so
let's walk through actually adding that.
The first thing you need
to do is in your terminal,
if you need to NPM installed globally,
RNPM Reactor Native Package Manager,
make sure it's globally.
So you install that and
there's a few ways you can use it,
we can use RNPM directly to install and
link the dependencies in one swoop.
Or if we already have dependencies and
we just need to link them.
We can do that as well.
I'm actually gonna do it one soup and
install the reactor native later
gradient and link at the same time.
>> Speaker 4: This is
included in rec [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott: I think it is always just before
use it, I always use implement install-g
to make sure it's up to date, just in case
it's outdated just make sure you got
the latest thing like for me like it.
It cached it and
downloaded it pretty fast, so, yeah.
It's always a good practice to make sure,
at least for me for
my global stuff,
always make sure it's up to date.